Clean up and add links to `Client/Beatmap editor/Menu` (#9821)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/Client/Beatmap_editor/Menu/en.md

### Troubleshoot commands

| Name | Description |
| :-- | :-- |
| Test Beatmap (`F5`) | [Test](/wiki/Client/Beatmap_editor/Test_mode) the beatmap, offering to save changes beforehand. |
| Open AiMod (`Ctrl` + `Shift` + `A`) | Open [AiMod](/wiki/Client/Beatmap_editor/AiMod). |

### Beatmap packaging commands

| Name | Description |
| :-- | :-- |
| Upload Beatmap... (`Ctrl` + `Shift` + `U`) | [Upload](/wiki/Beatmapping/Beatmap_submission) the beatmap to the [Works In Progress](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/10) forum. |
| Export Package... | Export the beatmap as an [`.osz`](/wiki/Client/File_formats/osz_(file_format)) archive for self-distribution, and open the `Exports` folder that contains it. |
| Extract Map Package | Extract an `osz2`<!-- TODO(TicClick: add a link when the article is up)--> beatmap into a temporary folder to override its files during modding. This option is disabled for regular `osz` beatmaps. |
| Import from... | **bms/bme:** Open a `.bms`/`.bme` file to be imported as osu!mania difficulty. |

### Programmer's commands

| Name | Description |
| :-- | :-- |

> | Open Song Folder | Open the beatmap's folder, which contains relevant files. |

Author: imo that's not quite it (those are beatmap files first and foremost), but using "beatmap" over and over is worse, so agreeing reluctantly

### Emergency exit command

| Name | Description |
| :-- | :-- |
| Exit... (`Esc`) | Exit the beatmap editor, suggesting to save recent changes beforehand. This option sometimes *ignores* the `Design` tab changes. |

## Edit

![Edit menu](img/M_Edit.jpg "Edit menu")

### Redo/undo commands

| Name | Description |
| :-- | :-- |
| Undo (`Ctrl` + `Z`) | Undo the last edit. |
| Redo (`Ctrl` + `Y`) | Repeat the last edit. |

### Edit commands

| Name | Description |
| :-- | :-- |
| Cut (`Ctrl` + `X`) | Cut selected objects. |
| Copy (`Ctrl` + `C`) | Copy selected objects. |
| Paste (`Ctrl` + `V`) | Paste selected objects. |
| Delete (`Delete`) | Delete selected objects. |

### Special commands

| Name | Description |
| :-- | :-- |
| Select All (`Ctrl` + `A`) | Select all hit objects. |
| Clone (`Ctrl` + `D`) | Copy selected objects and paste them one [beat](/wiki/Music_theory/Beat) after the selection. |

### Rotation commands

| Name | Description |
| :-- | :-- |
| Reverse Selection (`Ctrl` + `G`) | **Slider:** change the direction to the opposite. **Arbitrary selection:** reorder hit objects in time, making the last one the first, and so on. |

> | Flip Horizontally (`Ctrl` + `H`) | Mirror the selection across the Y axis of the playfield (from left to right, or vice versa). |
> | Flip Vertically (`Ctrl` + `J`) | Mirror the selection across the X axis of the playfield (from up to down, or vice versa). |

Reviewer: i *think* this still makes sense while being more brief. the names also include "horizontally" and "vertically" so i'm not sure how much the parts in parentheses are needed

```suggestion
| Flip Horizontally (`Ctrl` + `H`) | Mirror the selection across the Y axis of the playfield (left and right). |
| Flip Vertically (`Ctrl` + `J`) | Mirror the selection across the X axis of the playfield (up and down). |
```

Author: yeah, was too attached to the original wording

> | Rotate 90° Clockwise (`Ctrl` + `>`) | Rotate the selection 90° right around the playfield centre. |
> | Rotate 90° Anticlockwise (`Ctrl` + `<`) | Rotate the selection 90° left around the playfield centre. |

Reviewer: to make it slightly more clear that it's "90° right, around the playfield centre" and not "90°, right around the playfield centre"

```suggestion
| Rotate 90° Clockwise (`Ctrl` + `>`) | Rotate the selection 90° to the right around the playfield centre. |
| Rotate 90° Anticlockwise (`Ctrl` + `<`) | Rotate the selection 90° to the left around the playfield centre. |
```

Author: yup

| Rotate by... (`Ctrl` + `Shift` + `R`) | Rotate the selection by a custom angle around the playfield or the selection centre. |

> | Scale by... (`Ctrl` + `Shift` + `S`) | Scale the selection by moving its objects further from the playfield or the selection centre, across one or more axis. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Scale by... (`Ctrl` + `Shift` + `S`) | Scale the selection by moving its objects further from the playfield or the selection centre, across one or more axes. |
```

### Reset buttons

| Name | Description |
| :-- | :-- |
| Reset selected objects' samples | Remove [hitsound additions](/wiki/Beatmapping/Hitsound) from the selection. |
| Reset all samples | Remove hitsound additions from all hit objects of the difficulty. |

> | Reset combo colours | Remove all [combo colour overrides](/wiki/Beatmapping/Colourhaxing) from all hit objects of the difficulty. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Reset combo colours | Remove all [combo colour overrides](/wiki/Beatmapping/Colourhaxing) from all hit objects of the current difficulty. |
```

| Reset breaks | Reset custom start/end times of all [breaks](/wiki/Beatmap/Break), placing them next to surrounding hit objects. |

### Nudge commands

| Name | Description |
| :-- | :-- |

> | Nudge Backward (`J`) | Move the selection one tick backward, based on the active [beat snap divisor](/wiki/Client/Beatmap_editor/Beat_snap_divisor). |
> | Nudge Forward (`K`) | Move the selection one tick forward, based on the active beat snap divisor. |

Reviewer: uk spelling

```suggestion
| Nudge Backward (`J`) | Move the selection one tick backwards, based on the active [beat snap divisor](/wiki/Client/Beatmap_editor/Beat_snap_divisor). |
| Nudge Forward (`K`) | Move the selection one tick forwards, based on the active beat snap divisor. |
```

Author: oh _that's_ why

## View

![View menu](img/M_View.jpg "View menu")

### Tabbing commands

| Name | Description |
| :-- | :-- |
| Compose (`F1`) | Change active tab to [`Compose`](/wiki/Client/Beatmap_editor/Compose). |
| Design (`F2`) | Change active tab to [`Design`](/wiki/Client/Beatmap_editor/Design). |
| Timing (`F3`) | Change active tab to [`Timing`](/wiki/Client/Beatmap_editor/Timing). |

### Setup commands

| Name | Description |
| :-- | :-- |
| Song Setup... (`F4`) | Open the [`Song Setup`](/wiki/Client/Beatmap_editor/Song_setup) window. |
| Timing Setup... (`F6`) | Open the [`Timing and Control Points`](/wiki/Client/Beatmap_editor/Timing) window. |

### Special commands

| Name | Description |
| :-- | :-- |
| Volume | Adjust the volume level of music or hitsounds. |
| Grid Level (`G`) | Adjust the coarseness of the playfield [grid](/wiki/Beatmapping/Grid_snapping) used for object [snapping](/wiki/Beatmapping/Snapping). |

> | Show Video/Storyboard | Toggle visibility of the background video or the storyboard. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Show Video/Storyboard | Toggle visibility of the background video and storyboard. |
```

| Dim Background | Dim the background in [test mode](/wiki/Client/Beatmap_editor/Test_mode), making hit objects more visible. |
| Show Sample Name | For osu!mania difficulties, show [keysound samples' names](/wiki/Beatmapping/Hitsound#keysound) attached to the notes. |

> | Snaking sliders | Sliders gradually snake out from their starting point, as if during gameplay. |

Reviewer: it's a toggle in settings for gameplay too

```suggestion
| Snaking sliders | Sliders gradually snake out from their starting point. |
```

| Name | Description |
| :-- | :-- |
| Snap Divisor | Change the granularity of the [beat snap divisor](/wiki/Client/Beatmap_editor/Beat_snap_divisor), displaying more or fewer ticks on the [timeline](/wiki/Client/Beatmap_editor/Timelines). |
| Audio Rate | Change the playback rate of the audio. |
| Grid Snapping (T) | Toggle [snapping](/wiki/Beatmapping/Grid_snapping) of the hit objects to the playfield grid. |

### Special commands

| Name | Description |
| :-- | :-- |

> | Create Polygon Circles... (`Ctrl` + `Shift` + `D`) | Create a regular polygon consisting of several hit circles, using active beat snap divisor for circle placement. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Create Polygon Circles... (`Ctrl` + `Shift` + `D`) | Create a regular polygon consisting of several hit circles, using the active beat snap divisor for circle placement. |
```

> | Convert slider to stream... | Replace the [body](/wiki/Gameplay/Hit_object/Slider/Sliderbody) of a selected slider with a [stream](/wiki/Beatmap/Pattern/osu!/Stream) of hit circles. **By object count:** use the exact amount of hit circles. **By distance snap:** use the exact [distance snap](/wiki/Client/Beatmap_editor/Distance_snap) between hit circles. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Convert slider to stream... | Replace the [body](/wiki/Gameplay/Hit_object/Slider/Sliderbody) of a selected slider with a [stream](/wiki/Beatmap/Pattern/osu!/Stream) of hit circles. **By object count:** use a specified amount of hit circles. **By distance snap:** use the exact [distance snap](/wiki/Client/Beatmap_editor/Distance_snap) between hit circles. |
```

> | Enable live mapping mode (`Ctrl` + `Tab`) | osu!/osu!catch/osu!taiko maps: use osu!taiko keys to place hit circles or fruits while playing the song in editor. The circles are placed under the cursor, and different hitsounds are applied based on the key pressed. osu!mania maps: use osu!mania keys to place notes while playing song in editor. Notes are placed in the column corresponding to the key pressed. Does not work for sliders/holds. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Enable live mapping mode (`Ctrl` + `Tab`) | Place hit objects with gameplay keybinds while the song is playing. Does not work for osu! sliders and osu!mania hold notes. |
```

Author: I think this deserves a footnote because the original explanation, although wordy, is still valuable

> | Sample import | Open the [Sample Import](/wiki/Client/Beatmap_editor/Compose#sample-import) window for osu!mania difficulties. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Sample import | Open the [`Sample import`](/wiki/Client/Beatmap_editor/Compose#sample-import) window for osu!mania difficulties. |
```

| Name | Description |
| :-- | :-- |

> | Time Signature | Choose the [signature](/wiki/Music_theory/Time_signature) of the current timing point. For exotic timing, use the [`Timing Setup`](/wiki/Client/Beatmap_editor/Timing) window. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Time Signature | Select the [time signature](/wiki/Music_theory/Time_signature) for the current timing point, between 4/4 (common) or 3/4 (waltz). For other time signatures, use the [`Timing Setup`](/wiki/Client/Beatmap_editor/Timing) window. |
```

| Metronome Clicks | Toggle ticking sounds of the [metronome](/wiki/Client/Beatmap_editor/Timing#metronome) on the `Timing` tab. |

### Markers commands

| Name | Description |
| :-- | :-- |
| Add Timing Section (`Ctrl` + `P`) | Add a new [uninherited (red) timing section](/wiki/Client/Beatmap_editor/Timing#uninherited-timing-point). |
| Add Inheriting Section (`Ctrl` + `Shift` + `P`) | Add a new [inherited (green) timing section](/wiki/Client/Beatmap_editor/Timing#inherited-timing-point). |

> | Reset Current Section | Reset [BPM](/wiki/Music_theory/Tempo) and [offset](/wiki/Offset) of the current uninherited timing section, allowing to [re-time](/wiki/Beatmapping/Timing) it. Saving the beatmap will delete the sections without timing settings. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Reset Current Section | Reset the [BPM](/wiki/Music_theory/Tempo) and [offset](/wiki/Offset) of the current uninherited timing section for [retiming](/wiki/Beatmapping/Timing). Saving the beatmap will delete these sections if unmodified. |
```

| Delete Timing Section (`Ctrl` + `I`) | Delete the current timing section (both inherited and uninherited). |
| Resnap Current Section | [Resnap](/wiki/Beatmapping/Snapping) all hit objects in the current section according to the active beat snap divisor. |

### Timing Setup

| Name | Description |
| :-- | :-- |
| Timing Setup... (`F6`) | Open the [`Timing and Control Points`](/wiki/Client/Beatmap_editor/Timing) window. |

### Special commands

| Name | Description |
| :-- | :-- |
| Resnap All Notes | Resnap all hit objects of the difficulty according to the active beat snap divisor. |
| Move all notes in time.. | Move all hit objects by a given amount of milliseconds. |

> | Recalculate Slider Lengths | Resnap the [ends](/wiki/Gameplay/Hit_object/Slider/Slidertail) of all sliders to the nearest timeline tick, **potentially shortening them** (requires manual rechecking). Useful if the BPM or [slider velocity](/wiki/Gameplay/Hit_object/Slider/Slider_velocity) have been changed. |

Reviewer: iirc it was agreed at some point to use "slider end" anyway (rc uses it)

when using "or" and both nouns are singular, it's still grammatically singular

```suggestion
| Recalculate Slider Lengths | Resnap [slider ends](/wiki/Gameplay/Hit_object/Slider/Slidertail) to the nearest timeline tick, **potentially shortening them** and requiring manual rechecking. Useful if the BPM or [slider velocity](/wiki/Gameplay/Hit_object/Slider/Slider_velocity) has been changed. |
```

Author: hmm okay

> | Delete All Timing Sections | Remove all uninherited and inherited timing sections of the difficulty. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Delete All Timing Sections | Remove all uninherited and inherited timing sections of the current difficulty. |
```

### Preview command

| Name | Description |
| :-- | :-- |

> | Set Current Position as Preview Point | Use the current timestamp as the preview point for the [song select](/wiki/Client/Interface#song-select) screen. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Set Current Position as Preview Point | Use the current timestamp as the preview point for the website and [song select](/wiki/Client/Interface#song-select) screen. |
```

## Web

![Web menu](img/M_Web.jpg "Web menu")

| Name | Description |
| :-- | :-- |
| This Beatmap's Information Page | Open the beatmap info page<!-- TODO(TicClick): link after https://github.com/ppy/osu-wiki/issues/3122 is completed --> on the osu! website (`https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmaps/<BeatmapID>`) |
| This Beatmap's Thread | Open the beatmap's forum thread. |

## Help

![Help menu](img/M_Help.jpg "Help menu")

| Name | Description |
| :-- | :-- |

> | Show in-game help | Show the help overlay with key bindings and short explanations. Note: doesn't work anymore. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Show in-game help | Show the help overlay with key bindings and short explanations. Note: does not work anymore. |
```

| Name | Description |
| :-- | :-- |
| Show in-game help | Show the help overlay with key bindings and short explanations.[^help-note] |
| View FAQ... | Open the [Beatmapping](/wiki/Beatmapping) wiki article. |

## Notes

[^osz2-note]: This action is disabled for regular `osz` beatmaps.
[^exit-note]: This action sometimes *ignores* changes made in the `Design` tab.
[^stacking-note]: The stacking behaviour is controlled by the [stack leniency](/wiki/Beatmap/Stack_leniency) setting of the difficulty.

> [^live-mapping-note]: osu!, osu!taiko, and osu!catch use the osu!taiko key bindings.

Reviewer: they don't use the respective mode keybinds??

Author: nope

Author: the reason is that the live mapping mode has been made for taiko specifically. since all three modes share the same editor, it _kind of_ works for all three, but only because of that
